Goal: To help where we can and whenever possible to aide in the reduction and control of the stray and
feral cat population within our community, while also recognizing and supporting when possible, the
needs of pets seeking a safe haven when their owners have either abandoned them or are no longer
able to care for them
Mission Statement: Random Rescuer&#39;s mission is the provision of compassionate care of cats and
kittens living on the street thru TNR, foster and adoption, with a special focus on seniors, medical needs
and the often overlooked adults who deserve a chance for a better life too.

WHO IS RANDOM RESCUER?
Random Rescuer is a foster home based not-for-profit cat rescue which has been continuously growing
since June 2018 before our name was even a thought!
Our rescue began with a single cat, later named Simon, who crossed our path, wounded on Mother&#39;s
Day of 2018. In an effort to help him, he hissed and ran off only to stop in front of our car out of
nowhere just 2 weeks later. It was at this time when we looked at eachother beneath the car he
sauntered over to and laid beneath, that I saw how tired he was of living on the streets. How this was
not his choice and it wasn’t what he wanted. Simon was jaded and like most street cats, he lacked trust
with people. His rescue didn’t happen overnight and it happened with the help of others because this
kind of rescue, trapping a street cat, was new to me. His rescue was a roller coaster ride in the efforts to
find not only foster placement but also fundraising for his cost of care since he had multiple medical
issues. He wasn&#39;t an easy cat to place because of his naughty stalking behaviour around food and
reactive behaviour when overstimulated. As a result, Simon was a couch surfer, finding respite, even
short term to avoid having to go back on the streets. This bouncing around and the willingness that
Simon had to settle in wherever he landed only confirmed that he really didn’t want to live on the
streets. Simon taught me just how challenging rescue is while also being deeply rewarding when I get to
see how a cat’s life shifts from struggling to exist on the streets to lazing in the comfort of a home where
hardship has been replaced by love, comfort and the safety of a home whether it’s a foster or forever
home.
After I flooded social media with postings pleading for help with Simon, I began to be randomly
contacted about helping other cats in need. Unsure how or if this was going to work out or turn into
anything more than a few random rescues, I decided to go against the words of my holistic vet (who I
wish was alive today) and I took a plunge into the world of rescue despite not having my own deep
funding pockets and haven&#39;t looked back since.
The randomness of how I began is also how I came to be known as Random Rescuer. As Random
Rescuer has grown to include many foster parents and foster kitties with a random dog or two randomly
finding their way into our care, we continue to stay true to our name. If we can help, we will. We do

what we can, when we can, for anyone who crosses our path and is within our means to help.
Our goal is to help where we can and whenever possible to aide in the reduction and control of the stray
and feral cat population within our community while also recognizing and supporting when possible, the
needs of pets seeking a safe haven when their owners have either abandoned them or are no longer
able to care for them.

WHO IS HAILEY KARTASH?
Growing up, I had a natural draw to animals. Cats were a part of my childhood. It was a no brainer for
me, that I would always have cats in my life as I entered into adulthood. Rescue was a dream and wish
that I actually didn’t think would ever become a reality due to all the intricacies involved in rescue and
the reality that it takes a lot of funding to ensure the needs of the animals are met each and every day.
As a very special vet once told me when we were chatting and I mentioned about how wonderful it
would be to have a sanctuary on a piece of land, I was reminded that “I don’t have a pot to piss in”, lol.
The reality is that rescue needs people with personal deep pockets who can keep things afloat, but the
flipside and the actual reality is that most rescues and rescuers don’t have personal deep pockets to do
this. Rescue is about community, teamwork and the village that is built around the animals supported
by any given rescue, shelter or sanctuary.
I am not a person with deep pockets. While I have done my own rescuing in my own way through the
years, bringing animals into my home, always gravitating to those with medical needs or seniors, I was
never involved in the rescue world until 2018. I fell into the rescue world in 2018 because of Simon, a
cat who caught my eye while he was sitting on a fence, bleeding around his neck. Simon was my leap of
faith whom I didn’t know I needed to push me into doing what I have always dreamed about, but never
thought I’d be able to do because, I’d always thought “why would anyone support a random stranger,
support me?”, and I certainly couldn’t afford this endeavor on my own. Simon taught me that with faith
in others and always remembering that there are so many others like me, who can help in some ways,
but not in all ways, that together, we can accomplish whatever we need to help these animals. So, I
dipped my toes a little deeper into the rescue waters and prayed that I didn’t immediately drown. And I
didn’t. I started off very small, slow, cautious and very aware of the financial needs for each cat coming
in. As the support came in from random strangers, wanting to help cats in need, Random Rescuer
became more established. When Covid hit, that was when I questioned what kind of rescuer am I if I
only sit cautiously on the sidelines, watching everyone else around me scramble to help the sudden
explosion of cats and animals in need, but especially our street cats who suffered so much from the
grossly limited to complete lack of spay/neuter and medical supports during this incredibly stressful
window of time. This was when my self-talk was weighing everything and I came to the conclusion that I
needed to just take the plunge all in. It was for me, sink or swim time. I made a pact with myself that as
long as funding is flowing, this rescue will keep moving forward, helping whoever crosses our path
whenever our means allow. It is ultimately always about the quality of life for any given animal in our
care. Their bigger life picture is my focus, no matter their age and stage of life. When the funding stops

or becomes too little, that’s when I know I need to slow down and re-evaluate things because I know my
personal financial limitations. The one thing I have always maintained is that rescue is like a puzzle, it’s
incomplete and halted in place if a piece is missing. We rely heavily on funding because medical care
and general expenses are always ongoing, but rescue also relies on foster parents, adopters, general
supporters who share our information, fundraisers and volunteers (such as our volunteer drivers). All
these pieces together keep any rescue moving forward. I know for a fact that each of these pieces are
the reason why this rescue has either halted at times or been able to smoothly continue to roll forward.
My hope is that Random Rescuer will be around for a long time to come, but I know this is not just in my
hands. It’s in the hands of all those who enter into our village and become an extension of our family,
doing whatever they can with the means they have to do it. Just like I’m doing what I can with the
means I have.



Here are some photos of some of our adoptable babies.  I'll list them in order of their photos from the top down.  I'm waiting on bios for the kittens from their foster parents, but you can put a generic description for now if needed ... For example: playful, energetic, loves feather wand toys, 

Sully (orange tabby mix/DSH, male/ young adult)
Sully is a playful, loving and very affectionate asthmatic kitty who requires a daily inhaler medication for his asthma.  He loves carrying his toys around and is great at both engaging in play with you and self-entertaining if you're busy.  He enjoys a good t.v. show and won't say no to a little cat t.v.!

Aspen (grey tabby & white/DSH, boy)

Rue (grey tabby/DSH, girl)

Emory (grey tabby/DSH, girl)

Alder (grey tabby & white/DSH, boy)

Topaz (white/DSH, boy)

Onyx (brown tabby & white/DSH, boy)

Pearl (white/DMH, female/young adult)
This lovely young lady is all about being the centre of your attention.  She loves being pet and can sometimes get a bit over-stimulated by how much she loves your attention, so it's important to get to know her signs and take breaks to help her not over-stimulate.  She is an absolute sweetheart and would love to find her forever home, where she can learn to play and just enjoy life instead of being the teenage mom, she didn't ask to be. Pearl is one of our young moms, now spayed, whose kittens are also on their search for forever too.  Pearl would thrive best in a quieter, adult only home as a solo girl. 

Rose (black/DSH, female/adult)
Rose is one of our mamas who came into our care with a belly full of babies ... Her last litter before getting her turn to finally just be a cat without a care in the world.  She was a very loving mom and is just a very loving cat in general. Any family would be so lucky to welcome her home.  She enjoys catnip and playing with toys, hanging out and just enjoying life. 

Jasper (grey tabby & white/DMH, boy)

Let me know if you need anything else for these photos.  I'll be sending some more kitty pics!

Thanks again for all this help!
